greetings people of all ages and welcome
to the Monday 16th December 2019 meeting
of the ipfs documentation and developer
UX working group
I am your official unofficial leader
Jessica Schilling you can find more
information about this call why it
exists and what we are doing by checking
our github repo which is github.com
slash ipfs slash Docs that also includes
a link to the document that we will be
going through during this meeting so if
you don't feel like swinging at your
screen that is a good way to not have to
do that I will start by sharing my
screen can you all see my screen perfect
all right so this is probably going to
be a fairly quick meeting if anybody is
listening from the outside world just a
heads up because of the asserted winter
holidays and so forth we will not be
meeting for the following two Mondays
which I believe are Christmas Eve Eve
and New Year's Eve Eve that brings us
back to our next meeting bring up a
calendar our next meeting will be taking
place on Monday January 6th so enjoy the
time off and we shall see you on the
6:00 um the purpose and I shortened my
sharing window I sure can try that
better cool alright um so the purpose of
this meeting is to talk through our okay
ours and see our progress against them
and see how we are doing as a whole
since it is very nearly the end of the
quarter we have finished most of the
things associated with our okay are so
hopefully this would be a reasonably
short feeding um that said we do have
one one-off item um that I was just
alerted to this morning is that okay our
greeting and our greeting needs to be
done by Friday
okay our retrospectives also need to be
done by Friday um are ok our sheet is
graded there is a link to that in the
agenda
Terry for rapping years up as well that
was awesome so that is them that is on
deadline um please note though there is
going to be one of the requests that
that I personally have for you is that
please add any thoughts or contributions
or comments on the retrospective issue
so there's a master issue for working
group retros that is linked to in the
document that just says every team
should put together a retro document I
will do that as soon as we get off this
call and link to it in this Google Doc
and then also just ping each of y'all or
on the call individually so that you got
to worry about it but please just read
through the document and your comments
and questions something we need to have
them in the end of the week that make
sense to everybody
we've all been through this before
except for you Johnny it's pretty
straightforward cool okay so the rest of
this meeting is really just about
wrapping up our hour okay our items Docs
you know launch this is this is so so
close to being done which is amazing it
is being tracked into milestones that is
linked to in the notes document and as
you will see there are only four things
in there which is amazing let's talk
through them one by one car links
between legacy and Vita pages this is
actually done sort of a non-issue at
this point it's just a note to say that
the UPR for putting links on the legacy
site to save you this page on the Vita
site we will need to remember to merge
that PR the night before launch however
the directive to do that is actually in
the comms plan so I closed the call-out
links an issue so we should be totally
good to go on that what co meta tags
Chris hi yes it's on the main to-do list
for this week it's also the last week so
I don't what have many things but I have
looked at a couple of plugins that we
available to us to basically merge the
metadata together and we repeat
because currently the way it's
implemented on that er is just that
we've got multiple tags for different
social networks we want to make sure
that propagates up for from one tag
basically into the main header content
so that will be as if they've done
either tomorrow or today is there any
manual cleanup of that that I can help
with
it depends on what tag will we use is
the the main anchor tag in the end so
until I know exactly which it's probably
done best to change that but it should
be more of an replace situation than
actually been manually editing too much
thing ship easy well let me know because
I mean I can search and replace just as
well as you can and you have better
stuff to do than that
cool
comms plan like we said the content is
drafted everything's ready to go we just
need to have the date pinned down I've
left this issue as open and as blocked
as such just because that's what it is
but but the actual legwork other than
the monitoring post launch is completely
done
I have EFS hosting we had a decision
made on Monday of last week or Tuesday
last week it was last week and the
launch time will probably into January
as a result Kristy when I talk about
where you were yeah sure so this is
going to be dependent on the work that
Hugh and I are gonna have to pair on the
first we need to do the next step which
is a quick evaluation of what what
functionality we may not be able to
crossover in terms of migrating to a
full static site and the some of the
components that we're using now
obviously very heavily JavaScript
pendant so the search modules for
instance the metrics we're doing the
Help Wanted feature so all of these
we've got to put like a consolidation
plan to make sure that we can function
as we can retain and what things we
might be at risk and my paper cards I
did one quick experiment which is to use
the view breast dehydration plugin to
basically set down the app code into
ecstatic
and that works to just boil it down into
full static website so it could be that
will be an alternative plan of basically
playing a secondary version that is
entirely static just for the first users
and then having a more functional web
app component that will just be hosted
at the name and the main inch point from
doctor I guess I plan will be finalized
this week and depending on other tasks
and things with the okrs then we'll work
on whether this is for actual
development work goes into next kiwano
spectac or whether we can make some
headway on it this week is there
anything that anyone else on the team
can help with regarding that to free any
of your time I I think it's it's highly
dependent on us doing some experimenting
and so really it's yeah anything that
will help is might be free me up with
other two other tasks but the main ones
that I have to wrap up are the just we a
couple things are open now the SEO
things and the metrics which I'm and
running through that yeah if I saw if I
keep my plate if my plan pretty clear
this week then those two tasks will be
finalized and merged and tested and then
the actual next component that will be
obviously a hosting plan and along with
any other wrap-up that we need to do for
the idea for the metric side we have
well I'll first start with what has been
implemented in there's now live from
last week which was the help that this
information is helpful widget which is
used in more than one place is we use
for every page page content maybe
Jessica can share on the live demo yep
so you'll see at the bottom of every
every piece of content now so we've got
a new metrics widget which goes back and
also integrates with github for the
issues and opening tracking issues if we
need it this on a Content stub page as
well we reuse the same the same
functionality to basically track whether
or not people are interested in upcoming
content so we have to now pair that up
with the data studio dashboard so that
we can then get some visibility of the
texts but yes it's nicely implemented
and we can start using that as our main
narrative working out which content has
been successful I think that's all
that's on that PR oh yes no so I'm
currently working on the additional
metric tracking which is the external
outbound links and they has been
implemented in the P&L and the final one
which is any query page queries that
we've got from the search some tricky
stuff around that it's kind of because
there's there's no primary action that
defines what when a search is executed
basically kind of figuring out how to
track so track the last query that was
used when a page routing they see takes
place so I think what will happen now is
that if someone puts some information in
the search box and then there is an
action action on the site that navigates
to to a route then we'll define and grab
the last search match search term just
to make sure that we have some
indication of what they were using to
connect one page up to something else so
that will help us then in the future to
refine some of the copy that we need and
to help that more accessible yeah so
that will be wrapped up today because
that's nearly finished now I've just
been pushing some commits that's morning
and then their data to do implementation
belief and added this week just like do
one a repeated thing I can figure out
and do the others yeah it might be
useful to show at least one other member
on the team how to create that so then
it's easier in the future if you want to
say cleanse
aside from protocol the only other thing
is the docs deprecation plan the plan
document you can see here thank you to
everybody you waited we actually had a
really good conversation keeping in mind
this is really to be used in potentially
q1 or whatever we end up feeling ready
to deprecate the legacy site these are
all relative dates and they're not
necessarily index'
the order that they need to be Dumbo's
giving us an idea of the scope report
that needs to be done in order to
deprecate the site we ended up having a
really interesting conversation visa be
renaming repos and how we wanted to
handle that and whether it made a sense
to rename the meter we go back to slash
ipfs slash talks or whether we just
wanted to do something else
those issues are not completely resolved
but I think we've sort of set all of the
parameters of that on the table so as a
result I've closed that on the knowledge
that when we get down that point we're
just gonna have to have a finish up that
discussion it's not really a discussion
that we need to have right now for
something that we're not necessarily
going to implement for a while yet but
it does know that but we do have at
least sort of all the parameters of the
things that we will need to do or need
tickets that are laid out with relative
timelines we serve like two days or two
weeks or whatnot so thank you to
everybody who contributed to that than
ended up being a really interesting
conversation so that that issue as well
as that epoch are both closed and that
leaves us with protocol yeah so the
biggest thing that we've kind of crossed
off our list this week is reviewing the
ipfs camp content to see where it might
fit well into proto school so what Jill
and I have done is to go through all of
the core and elective courses which
didn't like the best format to target
and if people have suggestions from
other formats of sessions on conferences
sessions etc please do feel free to
comment in the issue that's linked there
but we're gonna consider it wrapped up
based on looking at the score courses
and degree now look what we can do with
them so we'll be putting out this issue
soon but opening new issues based on the
specific changes so you want to
implement and that'll be a key focus in
q2 for us including building some you
know purely new content as well as
updating some of our existing content
with new graphics and such that were
created for camp so that's really
exciting and that's one of our pops4 q1
that were wrapping up for q4 that we're
wrapping up and then we mentioned this
last week but we've actually merged that
PR that improves the end-to-end testing
and we have a couple of other
yards in the works including some great
under the hood stuff that Alex
contributed that Jill has updated with
error handling stuff like that and then
the biggest place for my time has done
this week that's not here because it's
less stocks related is looking at our
chapter leadership model and I've sent
out a couple surveys on that so if you
are out there and are someone who has
either led a chapter or has had an
interest in running a proto school
workshop in a more one-off thing that
doesn't really fit with the current
model we'd love your feedback in either
case they're conservative out there now
um that's it at the moment awesome
awesome I'm gonna stop sharing the
agenda cuz I think we talked through
every item on that I doing that um I
guess just a couple of other things one
we are sort of noodling over um
key one okay ours but we're waiting on
some larger ideas from the main or ggest
that may just sort of what are what our
team as a whole might be working on so
those the the key 100k are work as best
I know right now is being pushed into
this sort of first and second week of
January um so just just an eye out you
know we've had some good discussions on
our tentative okay hours and I think
we've come really really far on that so
that is awesome but just just sort of a
heads up that probably we're going to
start opening up that discussion as soon
as the new year starts up again to maybe
let that officer know rather and in the
back of your minds additionally if if
heaven forbid you know we are all we all
have different approaches to the winter
holidays and we are all taking off
different amounts of time for the winter
holidays if you haven't remit run out of
things to do and may I suggest that this
be sort of just like playground time to
you pick off your pick off your pet
issues look at the board see if there's
anything that sounds like something that
you'd wanted to think about or fix but
didn't really have time we can fit okay
our would be my suggestion for the
remainder of the year for those of us
who are around for much of the remainder
of the year I will as soon as Laura's
known about q1 okay our structure go
through
like ruin that entire board and and
unlabeled things for q4 related okay
ours and we label issues according to
our key one okay ours so you'll probably
see the board sort of being in flux as
if anything feels weird or you feel like
anything's getting lost please do let me
know again that probably isn't gonna
happen until like the first week of
January though until we know a little
bit more about okay our stuff and then I
guess finally just since this is the
last time that we are all going to be in
the same space I personally as the
person who talks the most in all of
these meetings wanted to say thank you
to every single one of you one for
listening to me drone on over the course
of the last six months but to I
I just want to get out there like a huge
job well done if this had alcohol and
not coffee and I'd be toasting you
because we spun a team out of absolutely
nothing at the end of June and now we've
done some very substantial very public
facing in a very useful work that is
going to hopefully benefit the community
more and more in 2020 so yeah everybody
and I don't know if anybody had before
before we kill us and recording a break
the meeting off does anybody have any
anything else for posterity anything
else that we should either this last
meeting of the year Chris where it wants
to eat Portugal
alrighty well I celebrated pastries
really good and I'm gonna enter a
quarter part of this conversation so
that I can get this up on these issues